+++
title = "The roles of the right hemisphere and the anterior midline field in semantic processing: MEG studies"
# date = 2018-01-01T00:00:00
date = 2005-04-10
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2005-04-10
# time_start = 2030-06-01T13:00:00
# time_end = 2030-06-01T15:00:00

authors = ["Liina Pylkkanen", "Brian McElree", "Gregory Murphy", "Jasmine Francis", "Jesse Harris", "Andrea Martin", "Rudolfo Llinas"]

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "<br><br>"
# abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "Poster presented at the Annual Meeting of the Computational Neuroscience Society"
# event_url = ""

# Location of event.
location = "New York, NY"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = ["concealed questions", "sentence processing", "MEG", "eye tracking", "compositionality"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
# [header]
# image = "headers/jesse-cuny2.jpg"
# caption = "Talk @ CUNY 2018"

+++
