+++
title = "Learning to anticipate with unconventional prosodic mappings: The L2 advantage"
date = 2020-11-05T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.
# date = 2018-11-03
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2020-11-05
# time_start = 2030-06-01T13:00:00
# time_end = 2030-06-01T15:00:00

authors = ["Chie Nakamura", "Jesse A. Harris", "Sun-Ah Jun"]

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = ""
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "Poster to be presented at 45th Boston University Conference on Language Development (BUCLD)"
event_url = ""

# Location of event.
location = "Boston University"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["prediction"]

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = ["prosody", "contrast", "prediction", "visual world"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
# [header]
# image = "headers/jesse-cuny2.jpg"
# caption = "Talk @ CUNY 2018"

+++
